TOP3
Architecture

Arichtecture is the art and science of deisgning structures that organize and enclose space for pratical and symbolic purposes.
	enclose  围绕：装入
	symbolic 象征性
	
aspiration 渴望

It clearly communicates cultral values.
	communicate 传达
	cultral values  文化价值
It utilizes space, mass, texture, line, light and color.
	texture 纹理
	line 线条
	mass 质量
inspiration 灵感
Buildings contribute to human life when they provide shelter, enrich space, complement their site, suit the climate, and economically feasible.
       enrich 使充实 
       complement 补足
       economically 经济上的；节约的
       feasible 可行的；可能的
the mediocre  design of many comtemporary buildings can be traced to both clients and archtects.       
       mediocre 平庸的
       
in existence 存在
In order for 为了

The world's architectural structures have alse been devised in ralation to the objective limitations of materials.
 	in relation to 关于；涉及
 	objective 客观的
	devise 设计；发明v
 Structures can be analyzed in terms of how they deal with downward forces created by gravity.
 	in term of 依据
	downward 向下的 adj；adv 		 downward forces 向下的力
		
withstand抵挡			withstand the forces of compression 抵挡压力
make it possible to enclose space with much greater ease and speed and with a minimum of material.
 	ease轻松n；缓和v

comparable size 可比较的大小

plumbing, electrical wiring, hot water, and air-conditioning.
管道          电线     热水          空调

igloo structure圆顶建筑 
adobe structure 土胚建筑

beauty      美丽
permanence  永久性
availability 实用性
arduous adj 努力的；费力的		arduous task 费力的任务
cutting and piling stone upon.
切割          堆砌
finest stone architecture 最美的石质建筑

ancient Inca city 古印加城市
in the eastern andes(安第斯山脉) Mountains of peru（秘鲁）.
	peru/pəˈruː/秘鲁
	
The doorways and windows are made possible by placing over the open places thick stone beams that support the weight from above.
	place over 放置
	beam 横梁
arch 拱形	
The arch was used by the early cultures of the mediterranean area chiefly for underground drains, but it was the Romans who first developed and used the arch extensively in aboveground structures.
	mediterranean 地中海的adj；地中海n
	chiefly 首先；主要地
	underground drains 地下水渠        drain 排水；下水道v；
	extensively 广泛地；广大的
	



























	
 
